doc: Bluetooth: Mesh: update proxy solicitation docs (#56711)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/srpl_srv.rst

Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server
#########################################

The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model is a foundation model defined by the Bluetooth
mesh specification. The model is enabled if the node has the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_od_srv` enabled.

> The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model was introduced in the Bluetooth Mesh Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model was introduced in the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol
```

Specification version 1.1, and manages the Solicitation Replay Protection List (SRPL) saved on the device.

> The SRPL is used to reject Solicitation PDUs that were already processed by a node. When a valid Solicitation PDU message is
> successfully processed by a node, the SSRC field and SSEQ field of the message is stored in the node's SRPL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SRPL is used to reject Solicitation PDUs that are already processed by a node. When a valid Solicitation PDU message is
successfully processed by a node, the SSRC field and SSEQ field of the message are stored in the node's SRPL.
```

The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server does not have an API of its own, and relies on a :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_srpl_cli` to control it.
The model only accepts messages encrypted with an application key as configured by the Configuration Client.

If present, the Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model must be instantiated on the primary
element.

Configurations
**************

> The Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model has the following parameters available for configuration:
> 
> Size of SRPL
> ============
> 
> The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_PROXY_SRPL_SIZE` sets the size of the SRPL. The list is used to determine if
> a received Solicitation PDU is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Solicitation PDU RPL Configuration Server model, the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_PROXY_SRPL_SIZE` option can be configured to set the size of the SRPL.
The SRPL is used to determine if a received Solicitation PDU is valid.
```
